Starting on the homepage a "Play Now" button is the only item

Once clicked, the users screen will change from the welcome/homepage to the game screen.

A gallow will be displayed on the left hand of the screen.

Underscores, which denote a letter giving the hidden words character length to the player, will be shown to the right of the gallow. 
    The hidden word will be chosen from a preset random selection of words.

A full alphabet of clickable letters will be shown below the underscores.
    A "Reset Game" button will be displayed when the round is over
        If the "Reset Game" is clicked the random word will change, any correct/incorrect guesses, and the letterboard will be reset.

If a letter is clicked that letter has been selected. A letter cannot be selected more than once, a selected letter will be identified by having a darker background than at the start. Hovering over an unselected letter will change the appearance so the user knows they are clicking their intended letter.
    Clicking anywhere else on the screen will have no effect, only an unselected letter or the reset button will have any effect

If the selected letter is not in the word, that will add 1 to the players incorrect guesses and a new piece of the stick figure will appear on screen
    If a player has less than 6 incorrect guesses the game will continue
        If that is the 6th incorrect guess the round is over and the player will lose. At that point a full stick figure will be shown on the screen.
        When the round is lost a losing message will appear on the screen and the reset button will become visible.

If the letter selected is in the hidden word, the underscore below where that letter is located in the hidden word will be replaced with the selected letter
    When a correct guess is made, 1 will be added to the value of correct guesses. 
        When correct guesses is equal to the legnth of the hidden word, the user has won the game.
        When a player has won a winning message will appear and the reset button will become visible.